README.md, before:

<p align="center"><a href="https://tabaro3.vercel.app/" target="_blank"><img src="public/logo.svg" width="400" alt="Laravel Logo"></a></p>

## tabaro3

This is my fil rouge project at YouCode, and it aims to enhance blood donation in Morocco by connecting potential donors
with those in need. It addresses the challenges of awareness and ease of access in blood donation and the difficulty of
finding donors in emergencies.

## Technologies Used

- Laravel 10 (RESTful API)
- Next.js + TypeScript
- Tailwind CSS
- PostgreSQL

## Getting Started

- Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/HMZElidrissi/tabaro3.git
```

- Install dependencies

```bash
cd tabaro3
composer install
```

- Create a `.env` file and copy the contents of `.env.example` to it

```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

- Generate an application key

```bash
php artisan key:generate
```

- Generate a JWT secret

```bash
php artisan jwt:secret
```

- Run the migrations

```bash
php artisan migrate
```

- Start the development server

```bash
php artisan serve
```

## Frontend

> The Frontend is available at [tabaro3 Frontend](https://github.com/HMZElidrissi/tabaro3-frontend)

Commit message:

change the name from tabaro3 => tabarro3

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><a href="https://tabarro3.ma/" target="_blank"><img src="public/logo.svg" width="400" alt="tabarro3 Logo"></a></p>

## tabarro3

tabarro3 is a platform aimed at raising awareness about blood donation in Morocco by connecting potential donors with those in need. The name "tabarro3" is derived from the Arabic word تبرع (tabara'), which means "to donate.". It addresses the challenges of awareness and ease of access in blood donation and the difficulty of finding donors in emergencies.

## Technologies Used

- Laravel 10 (RESTful API)
- Next.js + TypeScript
- Tailwind CSS
- PostgreSQL

## Getting Started

- Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/HMZElidrissi/tabarro3.git
```

- Install dependencies

```bash
cd tabarro3
composer install
```

- Create a `.env` file and copy the contents of `.env.example` to it

```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

- Generate an application key

```bash
php artisan key:generate
```

- Generate a JWT secret

```bash
php artisan jwt:secret
```

- Run the migrations

```bash
php artisan migrate
```

- Start the development server

```bash
php artisan serve
```

## Frontend

> The Frontend is available at [tabarro3 Frontend](https://github.com/HMZElidrissi/tabarro3-frontend)
